hi this is Matt with collecting heroes
and today we have blaster this is the
reissue of the original g1 as you can
see this is the comic-con exclusive for
2010 it comes with his little cassette
friend steel jaw there's eject and there
is ram horn comes in this amazing box
see it's all cool like and then here is
the inner box you can see it's in the
Transformers Universe design
most people are familiar with how
blaster transforms since he's been
around for 25 years main difference is
that I'm noticing between the original
are actually with your cassettes here is
an original steel jaw there is the new
one of course I'm missing the guns but
you will notice that there is a
coloration difference the original one
is actually lighter in color the new one
is darker another difference is if you
look at the Autobot thumb logo actually
in a slightly different location see how
it's angled a little bit differently on
the other side you will notice that this
is paint however the original one as you
can see where it fell off was a sticker
paint used to look the same however was
a sticker now the interesting thing is
you would think oh they would just paint
all of them however if you notice this
guy has a sticker as well but this one's
painted
the reason for that not quite sure
another complaint about the original is
this thing always broke hopefully the
new ones a little bit more durable
overall an amazing toy it's actually
quite large give you an idea how big
this is I will put my hand up next to
the box and some people will say well
what does it look like actually in the
box and I will show you that here it is
here is inside of the box
here's the inside lid
and again that box goes inside the big
sleeve and there you have it the 2010
comic-con exclusive blaster reissue of
the original g1 overall a really great
toy for any transformer collector